What are you angry about?
What right do you have to lose your temper?
I came to treat you kindly
Do I still want to see your face?
I can't cure you
I still don't know how my father convicted me
I warn you.
If you dare to vomit again
I will strangle you immediately
I'm willing to let you cause trouble for everyone
Concubine Lu, King Huai's condition is temporarily stable
But he threw up all the medicine he had taken before
If he continues like this
Then I can't cure him
You can't blame me
Son
Why are you like this?
It's obviously getting better
Why don't you insist on taking medicine, Huai'er?
If you leave
How do you let the mother concubine live?
Just be a mother, please
Take your medicine well, okay?
Do you have to make the mother concubine kneel down and beg you?
I promise you.
You always take your medicine well
Why didn't you take yesterday's medicine?
Son
What the hell is going on?
Princess Qi told the king
Said that the father emperor sent Princess Chu to come
Just perfunctory to this king
In fact, my father has long known in his heart
I can't live
They even made the coffin
you
Princess Ji